Hey, This is the README for our project. Please don't neglect me!

Controls for the car:
	Triggers - Apply force forward or backwards.

	Start - Use to start the game at the start menu.

	Back - Exits the game.

	Buttons:
		A - Nothing.
		B - Nothing.
		X - Resets the car and forces on the car, places the car at the closest waypoint. (Or the start if there is no waypoints.)
		Y - Resets the orientation but not the position of the car.
		Left Bumper - Gives speed boost if you have a power-up.

	Left Analog - Turns the car.

	Right Analog - Rotates the camera around the car.
	
	r - reload the variables.
	
	l - reload the waypoints from the file.

	esc - quit the program.

Current Features:

Map:
	Able to drive around the map.
	AI can follow waypoints around the map. 
		- Includes one multipath at the first split in the map.
		- Currently cannot reset themselves if they get flipped. (which can sometimes happen right now if they get hit, or on a few sharp turns).
	Power-ups are able to be grabed, and used.
	Jumps are avaliable.

Sandbox:
	Able to drive around the map.
	There are also some jumps (a 10, 15, 30, 45, and 60 degree jumps).
	Ai drive in a circle

For All:
	Sound is working. (Including sound for the player car)
	Springs implemented.
	Textures are loading.
	Dynamic loading of variables. (Using XML)

Know Issues:
	- Currently you can only ever use the power-up once after grabing it.
	- Cars are not reset if they flip themselves.
	- Some issues with hitting jumps and bouncing off.
	- Car sometimes flies when going off a jump when only two wheels are hitting the ground.
	- Camera is still being controlled manually, and no option to invert control.
	- FPS limitation before the game starts is not working properly.
	- Currently no shadows, as the framebuffer was not working until recently. 
	- Really simple GUI.


Tool being used on this project:
SDL_opengl - drawing to the screen
GLEW - shaders and frame buffer effects
SDL - Window creation
SDL_ttf - text to opengl
SDL_image - reading images
OpenAL - Sound
Bullet - Physics engine
TinyXML - XML parser for live update
